Empty string is a valid JSON-key (#4252)
samuelcolvin/pydantic: changes/4253-sergeytsaplin.md

> Field aliases are compared with None instead of simple `bool(alias)` because an empty string is a valid JSON attribute name.

Reviewer: I think we can make this slightly clearer, something like

```suggestion
Allow empty string aliases by using a `alias is not None` check, rather than `bool(alias)`
```
